Hi, my name is Sarah, and welcome to
HDRP Lighting Fundamentals.
This course will teach you to create
advanced lighting in Unity using the
High Definition Render Pipeline.
We'll start by setting up an HDRP
project and configuring our pipeline
for features like screen space ambient
occlusion, volumetrics, and more through
volume profiles.
Next, we'll explore baked lighting
concepts, learning the differences
baked, real-time, and mixed lighting
modes.
We'll also cover essentials like light
probes, adaptive probe volumes, and
reflection probes.
Finally, we'll master various light
types and shadows, implementing
different lighting setups, and
understanding directional lights while enabling
both real-time and baked shadows.
By the end of this course, you'll have
the essential skills to use HDRP
lighting and create high-quality 3D
environments in Unity.